well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
a lot going on today right i would
imagine
so what happened
i mean really at the end of the day what
went down
one person one person
one person was lost
and suddenly 160 million americans have
a legitimate concern
about whether or not their rights are
about to be imperiled
that happened that's what happened
one person i'm fairly certain it's not
supposed to work that way
i'm fairly certain that one person is
not supposed to serve
as a hedge as the check
in our checks and balances shouldn't
come down to one person at any point in
time
what does that tell us that there's too
much power
in too few hands
that's the key takeaway here if there's
a lesson to be learned here
that's it the problem is i'm afraid it's
going to be lost
among the tragedy and the upheaval and
the political jockeying that is
certainly going to occur
too much power in too few hands
there is no reason for the loss of one
person
to jeopardize the rights of that many
people
something is wrong something is broke
so how do we fix it
right that's the question
and it's funny it's funny because
i recently saw somebody talking about
this channel i said all i really do
is map out some key points that i want
to hit
and then wait for current events to be
able to make me talk about those points
and when you say it like that it sounds
like it should be a whole lot easier but
i mean that's
that's pretty accurate i mean to be
honest that kind of is
the way i do things this current
path started with uh
the video where i was talking about a
political compass
and it supposed to end
here now i had no idea we were going to
have such a
powerful illustration of the point but
yeah
i mean that occurred
when i made that video a whole bunch of
people
took that test a lot of them posted it
to twitter
posted the image showed where their
little dot was
pretty much everybody i mean all the
ones i saw
were bottom left how far
left how far bottom that varied a little
but bottom left
so uh
why are there so many debates down in
the comments section
you know using that bus analogy we're
all headed in the same direction we
should be able to ride the bus together
see this is a little different because
there's two main groups of people
that watch this channel those who are
in favor and very supportive and very
active
in electoral politics and those who
believe
that more tangible action
is how you actually create change
but both headed bottom left
the uh the thing is here we're not
talking about that bus analogy
not the same way anymore what we're
talking about is two buses that decided
to take different roads to get to the
same spot
and there's a a lot of bickering
between the buses at times the comment
section it's
it's entertaining to watch here's the
thing
right now i'm sure that those who are
heavily into electoral politics are
looking at those who aren't
and are like yeah how's that protest
vote going
or don't you wish you voted or whatever
because this this
had such a big impact and this is a
tangible result
of the last election electoral politics
is important
that's that's the message there and
there's also
the belief that you know you're never
just going to be able to ignore the
government and do things your own way
now on the other side
you have
them looking at those who are in
electoral politics and saying
yeah how'd that work out for you it
doesn't look like it
protected your rights very well
and probably
wanting to say there's no way you can
vote your way out of this
and there's some truth to that too
trump is the culmination
of years of this system consolidating
power
and becoming more and more authoritarian
all it took was for somebody of his ilk
to get into office somewhere here
you probably can't vote your way out of
this
i'm not gonna say it's impossible but
i'm gonna say it's highly unlikely
those who are on the bottom left and
those who vote that way
these are gonna be supporters of you
know jim perlman
or shaheed or aoc these types right
if you want that to progress if you want
to get those kind of candidates
not just do you have to battle the
conservatives
you have to battle those within the
democratic establishment
you know you need to do that people who
are really good
at obtaining immediate tangible results
grassroots networking
the people who really aren't that much
into electoral politics
because if you want those type of people
getting up there
you're going to need them
and those who let's just say aren't fond
of those type of politics
yeah yeah
i get where you're coming from but at
the same time wouldn't it be nice to
have some breathing room
i think everybody watching this channel
knows
that four more years of trump is going
to be
chaotic to say the least
if you want to build that separate power
structure you want to go that way with
it
it would be nice to have some breathing
room at the very least it would be nice
to have people in electoral politics who
are fighting a holding action
trying to stop the government from
becoming more and more intrusive
more and more powerful
would be nice it's a diversity of
tactics
this isn't one bus with two people on it
getting off at different stops
those who are into uh more direct forms
of organizing
need to understand that most the people
who are into electoral politics that are
watching this channel
if they could they would vote in the
system you want
they believe that's the way to get there
and those who are just very much in
favor of voting
you're looking over at them understand
they're trying to build what you want
without the government
it's two buses headed to the same spot
i'm not sure why we're so eager to run
each other off the road
i understand there are significant
differences in philosophy
but at the end of the day the goal is
the same for most people watching this
channel
most people the uh the differences are
pretty small
right now
both of these groups they need to start
working to take the power back
that needs to be the goal
because if one person can be lost
and in peril this many people's rights
imagine what's going to happen when
you have somebody who is uh
willing to force a lot of people out to
get their way
there's too much power in too few hands
and yeah we absolutely need those other
power structures that we can rely on
we need those local organizations
that can see us through and that we can
grow from
but right now we certainly need people
fighting a holding action
we need people out there trying to stop
the creep
because that's what it is it's
a slow movement that grants more
and more authoritarian power to the
government
even if biden wins it's not over it's
not over because another trump can win
in four years
doesn't end we have got to limit
the power we have to disperse it at the
very least
get it in more hands because this is
unacceptable
this is a recipe for disaster
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night